          
                The Todo Tracker is a project from my portfolio. It is a simple todo list application that allows users 
                to add and delete tasks.In addition, users can mark tasks as completed and filter tasks based on their 
                description, position, status (all, pending, completed), or due date. Users can also sort tasks by 
                description, position, status, or due date.

                The application is built using React, TypeScript, and Material UI for the UI components.
                It uses local storage to save the tasks.

                Flexbox is used for layout. Zustand is used for state management, and date-fn is used for date manipulation.
                The application is responsive and works on both desktop and mobile devices. It is a single-page 
                application (SPA) that uses React Router for navigation.

                The main purpose of this project is to demonstrate my skills in React and TypeScript.
                It is a simple application, but it showcases my ability to build a functional and user-friendly application.

                I found GitHub Copilot to be very helpful in writing the code for this project.It helped me to write code 
                faster and with fewer errors. However, I still had to review and modify the code generated by Copilot to 
                ensure that it met my requirements and coding standards.

                If you have any questions or feedback, please feel free to email me at 
                <a href="mailto:parbanas@gmail.com">parbanas@gmail.com</a>

                You can find the app at <a href="https://todo-tracker2.vercel.app/ListCards">Todo Tracker</a>

                Thank you for visiting my portfolio.
